When to use ELT.
One use case of ELT could be when source and target database are of same type,
example being Oracle source and Oracle target.
You might do unnecessary processing before loading data
from Source Oracle db to Destination Oracle db.
When data volumes are huge,
you do not want to process anything and everything under the sun.
The reality is for most enterprises,
data volumes are huge,
hence ELTs might work better as they wont become bottlenecks.
Consider this data, for Wikipedia,
it has almost six million articles and gets 22 billion monthly paid views.
Amount of even data generated on Wikipedia pages would be huge.
ELT by plans will work better in such scenarios.
Again, reemphasizing some of the things I have said so far,
ELTs are better when you have a mixed type of data.
For your use case of customers sentiment analysis,
when you have data from user reviews,
e-mails, customer care chat scripts,
ELT will look better.